added doc on unit testing and stack traces (#1099)
fzyzcjy/flutter_rust_bridge: book/src/feature/logging.md

> # Stack Traces

Reviewer: IMHO it would be great to:

1. move stack traces into separate file, say `feature/stack_trace.md`
2. Add a sentence in this file, saying "if you want to have stack trace, see that file" so users can link to there

Author: I was thinking about that, but the section is so tiny, that I thought it better fits into `Logging`, but maybe a section `Debugging` would make more sense.

Reviewer: IMHO tiny is not a big issue. Instead, it is important for readers to quickly find them - otherwise it is equivalent to not write down it at all ;)

Author: ok done

To pass Rust stack traces to flutter, you need to set `RUST_BACKTRACE` in the running application. For that simply add `env::set_var("RUST_BACKTRACE", "1");` before initialising the bridge.

> Note: `--dart-define` doesn't work, you **must** use `env::set_var`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The `--dart-define` will not work, you **must** use `env::set_var`, because the former does not set the "environment variable" in the common sense, but instead a special thing only visible to Dart.
```
